[clearing throat]
Good evening, ladies
and gentlemen!
What an incredibly special event
we have for you here in Bangkok
this evening,
because tonight our exclusive
underground showcase is finally
reaching the end of its run.
On this very day... in the year
twenty-six nineteen...
the strongest man on earth-
Oh, I mean...
The strongest man under the
earth shall be decided!
[chuckle]
(MICHELLE) Am I dreaming? I've
seen this kind of thing a
hundred times in comic books...
(SHOKICHI) Yeah, it does seem
like fiction. But...
The world has no shortage of
CEOs and oil tycoons,  who
make millions, or billions, a
month.
But the people here are a
special kind of rich that puts
normal wealth to shame.
When they get together... their
minds warp.
They become consumed with lust
for the theater of murder.
(MICHELLE) So...he's still
alive then?
(SHOKICHI) Yeah.
[Crowd murmuring]
Up first, standing in the blue
corner, we have...
[uncomfortable chuckle]
...the twenty-something
supernova with a secret and
shady past.
Hi-za-ma-ru!
Akari Hizamaru!
[Crowd cheering]
One hundred and seventy-seven
centimeters tall and weighing in
at ninety-one kilograms, he's a
karate master from Japan!
(SHOKICHI) So that's him.
01  SYMPTOM
(EMCEE) It's such a sad story...
Akari's childhood sweetheart,
who's an orphan just like him,
is suffering from a malady
that's left doctors completely
baffled.
Does he have to say that every
time?
Her only hope is an organ
transplant!
Poor Akari, here...
...is after the prize money
because he's desperate to help
out his dear old friend!
Yeah!
That's right! You got that, you
rich bastards?!
(OIL BARON) Impressive! And for
some bitch you haven't even
screwed!
(EMCEE) But the final opponent
he's facing is exceptionally
fierce.
He is, our undefeated king!
Brian Chaomy, fourteen years
old, two hundred fifty-one
centimeters tall, three hundred
forty-two kilograms!
An American with, shall we say,
his own martial arts style...
He's simply, a natural-born
killer!
[growling, snarling, roaring]
(AKARI) What the-?!
[snarling]
[roar]
[strike]
(AKARI) [struggling, unsteady]
(EMCEE) Brian's an omnivore by
nature, but we've been feeding
him human flesh.
Those pieces of shit!
They're not giving me a
chance!
Damnit!
Yuriko! Just hang on!
[crowd murmuring]
(AKARI) [laughing]
Now listen up!
Get ready! 'Cause this one-sided
story you've been watching ends
right now!
[crowd cheering]
[roaring]
(AKARI) Time to put this bear
down!
[yelling]
[thud]
[grunts and struggles]
[groaning in pain]
[thuds and groaning in pain]
[heavy breathing]
(BEAR) [growling]
[smack]
[thud and moans in pain]
[moaning, struggling to breath]
[snarl]
[crunching and slobbering]
(YURIKO) You know, too...You do,
don't you?
[angry grunt] Just go home!
Does watching me waste away
amuse you?!
[hyperventilating] Is that why?!
Is that why you come here to
visit me day after day?!
[sigh]
(YURIKO) You...
Who do you think you are?!
You're just a monster!
Go! Get out!
[growling]
(MICHELLE) This is not normal...
This is really what we came here
to see?!
If the findings from our
research are correct...
...what isn't normal in here is
Akari Hizamaru.
(YURIKO) Um, Akari?
About last week, Sorry I was so
mean.
(AKARI) It's probably for the
better, anyway.
(YURIKO) huh?
(AKARI) I mean, once you get to
college, carrying a little
doll around with you isn't going
to be too cool!
[chuckle]
We did it, you know.
We found a donor.
[gasp] Really?!
(AKARI) It's real alright. I've
got one more thing I need to
take care of.
Just imagine it, Yuriko!
You're almost there! What are
you going to do
first?
Uh?... [chuckle]
Go eat some ramen?
(AKARI) You got it! And then
what?
Go snowboarding!
(AKARI) [chuckle] Yeah that'll
be great!
And have some beer!
(AKARI) Sure, just not too much!
And then Space Land!
(AKARI) [chuckle] It'll be a
ghost town!
And then... and then... and
then...
[holding back tears]
But why, Akari? Why are you so
good to me?
(AKARI) Why wouldn't I be?
I... Your kindness, it changed
me... Ever since that day.
I lo- Uh... You... you just mean
so much to me.
You're my best friend.
[labored breathing]
[growl]
Huh?! He's up?!
[snarling]
[growling]
[intense snarling]
[thud]
[growling in pain]
(AKARI) [yelling]
[thud]
(EMCEE) It's a take down!
But what-?!
[Thud]
(EMCEE) [gasp] My God.
Di-did he just. ..?!
I don't believe it. A-Akari
Hizamaru has won! He's actually
won!
(SHOKICHI) So, another does
exist. Another child born after
the procedure.
(AKARI) What? What?!
[thud and groan]
(AKARI) You promised! You gave
me your word!
N-No. Stop! [grunts and
struggling]
Give her the surgery! And save
her!
(BOOKIE) [struggling to breath]
We sold her...
The girl.
What?! To who?!
[struggling to breathe]
(BOOKIE) [coughing, trying to
breathe]
(AKARI) [angered heavy
breathing]
You bastard!
Bring her back now !
She's dead.
We did what we could, but two
days ago...
[gasp]
No... It's a lie. You're lying!
(MICHELLE) These people...
They never had any intention of
finding your friend a donor.
They're the bastards.
(SHOKICHI) By the time we found
her...
...it was too late. I'm sorry we
didn't make it in time.
No... no... Give her back...
[sobbing] Please.
Give her back!
[sniffling]
Akari...
Lots of kids out there like
Yuriko need your help
Huh?
I'm Shokichi Komachi.
I command the Mars Exploration
Team...
...from the U.N.'s Aeronautics
and Space Administration.
Or "U-NASA."
And I'm...
Michelle K. Davis, second in
command.
(AKARI) U-NASA?
(SHOKICHI) Correct.
The disease that cut Yuriko's
life short is no ordinary
sickness.
It's a virus that did not
originate on Earth.
[sigh]
(SHOKICHI) And it will continue
to spread. As a result, many
will die.
To stop the virus, we must fly
to Mars. We have two years to
prepare.
To Mars...?
We need you as a part of our
elite unit. We need
your strength.
And we need your rage as well,
Akari.
I, too, lost someone dear to me.
On Mars.
(AKARI) [quivering]
(SHOKICHI) I'm not like the
others. I'm not here to
comfort you.
People like us...people haunted
by rage...have been brought
together by fate...
a fate stronger than
blood...
We're a swarm.
Join us.
(AKARI) I loved you.
It's true, Yuri. I really loved
you! I...I...
Why? Why...?! Why does life
have to be so cruel?!
[crying]
(SHOKICHI) Uh, hey...
Could I borrow your spare
shades? Come on, hurry it up,
Hon!
Uh...sorry, I wasn't thinking.
Don't know how that slipped
out...
(MICHELLE) It doesn't bother
me.
It was kinda cute.
Huh?
(MICHELLE) So you're finally
awake.
Oh, uh...hey, there, Hun!
Watch it. I am your superior.
Oh, uh, right. Sorry.
[chuckle] If you want to call me
that, we'd have to be a lot...
friendlier
Ummm
It's gotta be close to noon.
I've slept a whole day, I guess.
[chuckle]
Not exactly. It's been a week.
What?! That's impossible!
Why would I lie to you? There's
a tube in your
dick, isn't there?
Wha...?!
I'm the one who put it in.
(AKARI) Uh..!
That was a joke.
Look, don't be an idiot. The
procedure you just underwent is
no walk in the park.
We had to modify your body to
withstand Mars's atmosphere.
Although, we were quite
certain that your surgery
would be a success.
You already possessed most of
what the surgery imparts. And
the thanks for that goes to your
parents.
[sipping]
It was the same for me.
What's the success rate for
normal human beings?
(ALEX) Thirty...
(MARCOS)...six percent?
Yeah, it's not really what you'd
call a high rate of survival.
(ALEX) Do you mean three point
six percent?
'Cause thirty six seems pretty
good.
You realize over half don't make
it.
Those are better odds than us
going home, getting government
jobs, and years later retiring
on a pension, that's for sure.
[sigh] You really are a dolt,
aren't you, Marcos?
Oh, come on, you know that it's
true, Sheila.
[scoff] Well, I guess that
you're right. Even that small
chance is better than our odds
of surviving in Gran Mexico.
(ALEX) But why do we need to
modify our bodies to live on
Mars in the first place?
I mean I know the air is thin
up there, but could't we use
like, masks and space suits?
it'd be kind of cool.
We'll get into that and other
details later on.
Huh?
Adolf!
Captain Komachi.
There you are.
Didn't expect to see you.
Who's this?
Eva Frost. A member of the
reserves. She'll be
having the surgery.
I'm at your service.
(SHOKICHI) Oh, so she's in the
same boat as these guys.
Hi, I'm Sheila Levitt-...uh...
Marcos. Nice to mee-
I'm Alex! [chuckling]
(MARCOS) Hey!
(SHEILA) You guys!
Um
(SHOKICHI) Hey, now, all of you!
This is Adolf Reinhard. He's
come in from Germany. He's going
to be one of your superior
officers.
Don't bother introducing me. I
have no intention of
remembering any of them.
(MARCOS) What?!
I believe that you are the last
four to undergo the surgery? I
have little doubt that it will
kill at least two of you.
Well... just pray it happens
while you're still under
anesthesia.
[Growling] Who the hell do
you think you are?!
(SHOKICHI) Oh, don't be so
harsh, Adolf.
Such is reality.
Captain, I'll leave this girl
to you.
[sigh]
(MICHELLE) You alright? Here.
(AKARI) Uh, no, I can get up
myself.
Well, maybe...
Let's go, Akari. But listen...
Huh...?
I'm willing to let it go
this one time, but whether
during training or even on a
mission...
...you so much as glance below
my glasses, and I'll end you.
Yes Ma'am.
Why aren't all of you more
worried about this?
Huh?
I mean... sixty percent of the
candidates don't make
it.
[sigh]
What is this chick's deal? She's
got nice tits,
but she's super negative!
Yeah, Miss Nega- titty -ty.
Hey, look...
Huh?
(ALEX) Check it out, Eva.
That's a reservist walking this
way, and he had the surgery.
Huh?
You see? He's totally fine!
So this is what the forty
percent looks like! Huh!
The surgery was just a piece of
cake,  right bro?
Huh?
Yeah, I guess. But my chances of
success were higher because of
my genetics.
Uh...
Oh, so you're one of those guys,
huh?
He thinks he's better than us.
Yeah, right. Nice walker -
Superman.
Permission to slug 'em?
Fine, just don't hurt yourself.
(MARCOS) [chuckling] Hey, hey,
come on now...!
Sorry about that. Those two
jerks haven't changed since they
were kids.
Oh! um...
I wish I had friends like you
do.
I've got no one.
[sigh]
Oh. huh?
[grunts and laughter]
(SHEILA) Well lady, you're not
alone anymore
Hey! Stop it!
Here, let me help!
I guess...
you've got a friend now.
[chuckling] Yeah!
(ALEX) Aw look at that, you
fell.
(AKARI) [grunt]
(MICHELLE) We did things a bit
backwards with Akari.
For the rest of you, I'll
explain the mission before the
surgery.
This is the alien virus know as
the Alien Engine - or "A.E."
(ALEX) This is what came from
Mars?
(MICHELLE) That's right.
Currently, there's a one hundred
percent mortality rate for those
infected.
But the virus samples we've
found here on Earth can't be
cultivated in a lab.
So we're going to have to go to
Mars in order to examine its
air, soil, and water.
We will search out the virus and
its various strains. And, if
necessary, bring back samples.
That is our mission.
If we're successful, we'll
eradicate the virus and save
humanity from extinction.
But there's one slight
problem...
The unmanned vessels that we've
sent to retrieve samples haven't
returned. The cause?
A certain organism...
...always seems to get in the
way.
[chuckle]
[gasps]
(MICHELLE) A Martian cockroach,
a terraformar. Only it's
colossal.
Over the past five hundred
years, it's evolved, adapting
to the harsh environment on
Mars.
Forty-two years ago, the species
murdered six crewmembers from
the ship Bugs 1.
And twenty years ago, thirteen
members from Bugs 2.
Wait, these giant cockroaches,
th-they eat people?!
(MICHELLE) If you found a
cockroach in your kitchen, what
would you do? Would you pick it
up and eat it?
No, of course not. You'd simply
kill it.
You wouldn't even think twice.
And you probably wouldn't know
why.
You'd crush it with everything
you've got. Nothing more.
Nothing less.
This is war!
It's us against them, and the
victors' prize is they get to
live.
The losers become...
The vermin...
MARCH 4, AD 2620
CREW MEMBERS: 100
[gasp]
[chuckle]
THE SPACESHIP ANNEX 1
DEPARTS EARTH.
Mars... the fourth planet of our
Solar System.
Former average temperature,
minus forty-seven degrees
Celsius.
Former atmospheric
pressure, point zero
six millibars.
To make its frigid environment
habitable for humans, in the
twenty-first century
two life forms were sent to the
planetahead of mankind's
arrival.
One was a special kind of algae.
And the other... was an insect
with high reproductive
potential...
...the cockroach.
to be continued
02 DEPARTURE
[insects chirpping]